I'M TELLING YOU, ROSS,
SHE WANTS YOU.
SHE BARELY
KNOWS ME.
WE LIVE IN THE
SAME BUILDING.
ANY CONTACT?
SHE LENT ME AN EGG ONCE.
YOU'RE IN.
OH, RIGHT.
HI, ROSS.
HI, K-K-K...
( splutters )
COME ON, ROSS.
YOU GET TO GET BACK
IN THE GAME HERE.
RACHEL'S
NOT HAPPENING
AND YOUR EX-WIFE'S
A LESBIAN.
I DON'T THINK
WE NEED A THIRD.
EXCUSE ME, COULD WE
GET AN EGG OVER HERE
STILL IN THE SHELL.
AN EGG?
YEAH. YOU'RE GOING
TO GO UP TO HER AND SAY
"HERE'S YOUR EGG BACK.
I'M RETURNING YOUR EGG."
I THINK IT'S WINNING.
I THINK IT'S INSANE.
SHE'LL LOVE IT.
THANK YOU.
HERE.
( stammering )
GO WITH THE EGG,
MY FRIEND.
GO, GO, GO, GO, GO, GO.
IS IT GOING TO WORK?
NO WAY.
IT'S SUICIDE.
THE MAN'S GOT AN EGG.
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
YOU CANNOT DO THIS.
WHAT? DO WHAT?
ROGER WANTS TO
TAKE HER OUT
TOMORROW NIGHT.
DON'T YOU REMEMBER
WHY YOU DUMPED HIM?
'CAUSE HE WAS CREEPY.
AND MEAN,
AND A LITTLE FRIGHTENING.
STILL, IT'S NICE TO HAVE A DATE
ON VALENTINE'S DAY.
PHOEBE, YOU CAN GO OUT
WITH A CREEPY GUY
ANY NIGHT OF THE YEAR.
I KNOW I DO.
HI.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
DOING TOMORROW NIGHT?
TOMORROW NIGHT DEPENDS
ON HOW TONIGHT GOES.
OH, LISTEN,
ABOUT TONIGHT...
DON'T YOU DARE
BAIL ON ME.
SHE'S GOING OUT WITH ME
BECAUSE I'M BRINGING
A FRIEND FOR HER FRIEND.
BUT HER FRIEND
SOUNDS LIKE SUCH A...
PATHETIC MESS.
I KNOW.
COME ON, MAN.
SHE'S NEEDY,
SHE'S VULNERABLE.
I'M THINKING...
CHA-CHING.
THANKS.
YOU HAVE NOT BEEN OUT
WITH A WOMAN SINCE JANICE.
YOU'RE DOING THIS.
HI.
SHE SAID YES.
YES!
WAY TO GO, MAN!
( cracking sound )
STILL GOT
THE EGG, HUH?
YEAH.
HOW DO I LOOK?
UM... I DON'T CARE.
THERE'S LORRAINE.
OKAY, NOW REMEMBER--
NO TRADING.
YOU GET THE PRETTY ONE,
I GET THE MESS.
HI, JOEY.
HEY.
WELL, WELL,
LOOK WHAT YOU BROUGHT.
VERY NICE.
AND WHAT DID YOU BRING?
SHE'S CHECKING HER COAT.
JOEY, I'M GOING TO GO WASH
THE CAB SMELL OFF MY HANDS.
WILL YOU GET ME
A WHITE ZINFANDEL
AND A GLASS OF RED
FOR JANICE.
JANICE?
NO.
OH... MY... GOD.
HEY, IT'S JANICE.
OKAY, I'M MAKING A BREAK FOR IT.
I'M GOING OUT THE WINDOW.
NO, NO, DON'T.
PLEASE, I'VE BEEN
WAITING FOREVER
TO GO OUT WITH LORRAINE.
JUST CALM DOWN.
CALM DOWN?
YOU SET ME UP WITH A WOMAN
I DUMPED TWICE
IN THE LAST FIVE MONTHS!
HEY, CAN YOU
STOP YELLING?
YOU'RE MAKING
ME NERVOUS AND...
I CAN'T GO WHEN
I'M NERVOUS.
I'M SORRY, I'M SORRY.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
COME ON! GO! GO! GO!
COME ON!
OKAY, ROGER
WAS CREEPY
BUT HE WAS NOTHING
COMPARED TO
PETE CARNEY.
WHICH ONE WAS PETE CARNEY?
PETE THE WEEPER?
REMEMBER THE GUY
THAT USED TO CRY
EVERY TIME WE HAD SEX?
( crying ):
WAS IT GOOD FOR YOU?
YEAH, WELL, I'D TAKE
A LITTLE CRYING ANY DAY
OVER HOWARD THE "I WIN" GUY.
I WIN! I WIN!
I WENT OUT
WITH THE GUY
FOR TWO MONTHS.
I DIDN'T GET
TO WIN ONCE.
HOW DO WE END UP
WITH THESE JERKS?
WE'RE GOOD PEOPLE.
I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE WE'RE LIKE
SOME KIND OF MAGNETS.
I KNOW I AM.
THAT'S WHY I CAN'T WEAR
A DIGITAL WATCH.
THERE'S MORE BEER, RIGHT?
OH! YOU KNOW MY FRIEND ABBY
WHO SHAVES HER HEAD?
SHE SAYS THAT
IF YOU WANT TO BREAK
THE BAD BOYFRIEND CYCLE
YOU CAN DO, LIKE,
A CLEANSING RITUAL.
PHEEBS, THIS WOMAN
IS VOLUNTARILY BALD.
YEAH. SO...
WE CAN DO IT
TOMORROW NIGHT, GUYS.
IT'S VALENTINE'S DAY.
IT'S PERFECT.
OKAY. WELL,
WHAT KIND OF RITUAL?
OKAY. WE CAN BURN
THE STUFF THEY GAVE US.
OR...
OR... OR WE CAN CHANT
AND DANCE AROUND NAKED.
YOU KNOW, WITH STICKS.
BURNING'S GOOD.
PLENTY OF STUFF
TO BURN.
YOU KNOW...
EVER SINCE
I WAS LITTLE
I'VE BEEN ABLE
TO PICK UP QUARTERS
WITH MY TOES.
YEAH?
GOOD FOR YOU.
UH... QUARTERS
OR ROLLS OF QUARTERS?
BY THE WAY, CHANDLER...
I CUT YOU OUT OF ALL MY PICTURES
SO IF YOU WANT, I HAVE A BAG
WITH JUST YOUR HEADS.
THAT'S OKAY.
ARE YOU SURE?
BECAUSE YOU COULD MAKE
LITTLE PUPPETS OUT OF THEM
AND YOU COULD USE THEM
IN YOUR THEATER OF CRUELTY.
WE CAN'T DO THAT.
WHAT? WHAT CAN'T YOU DO?
UH... CAN I TALK TO YOU
FOR A SECOND OVER THERE.
UH... WE MIGHT
BE LEAVING NOW.
TELL ME IT'S "YOU AND ME" WE.
SHE SAID SHE WANTS TO
SLATHER MY BODY WITH STUFF
AND THEN LICK IT OFF.
I'M NOT EVEN SURE
WHAT SLATHERING IS.
BUT I DEFINITELY WANT
TO BE A PART OF IT.
OKAY, YOU CANNOT DO THIS TO ME.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
CAN WE HAVE THREE CHOCOLATE
MOUSSES TO GO, PLEASE?
I'M OUT OF HERE.
LOOK...
HERE'S MY CREDIT CARD.
DINNER'S ON ME.
I'M SORRY, CHANDLER.
I HOPE SHE THROWS UP ON YOU.
THANKS.
SO...
JUST US.
OH, WHAT A CRAPPY NIGHT.
ALTHOUGH...
I HAVE ENJOYED THE FACT
THAT YOUR SHIRT'S
BEEN STICKING OUT
OF YOUR ZIPPER EVER SINCE
YOU CAME BACK
FROM THE BATHROOM.
( laughs )
EXCUSE ME.
HOW YOU DOING?
SO...
DO WE HAVE THE BEST FRIENDS
OR WHAT?
JOEY'S NOT A FRIEND.
HE'S...
A STUPID MAN
WHO LEFT US HIS CREDIT CARD.
ANOTHER DRINK? SOME DESSERT?
A BIG SCREEN TV?
I WILL GO FOR THAT DRINK.
YOU GOT IT.
GOOD WOMAN?
CAN WE GET A BOTTLE
OF YOUR MOST
OVERPRICED CHAMPAGNE?
EACH.
THAT'S RIGHT, EACH.
OH, AND A ROB ROY.
I'VE ALWAYS WANTED TO KNOW.
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY.
OH, I MISS YOU ALREADY.
CAN YOU BELIEVE
THIS HAPPENED?
NO... NO!
AND YET IT DID.
GOOD-BYE, JANICE.
KISS ME.
OH, CHANDLER, SORRY.
( honeyed tones ):
OH, CHANDLER, SORRY...
HEY, JANICE.
HI, MONICA.
OKAY, WELL,
THIS WAS VERY SPECIAL.
RACH, COME SEE
WHO'S OUT HERE.
WHAT'S GOING...
OH, MY GOD.
JANICE, HI.
HI.
JANICE IS GOING
TO GO AWAY NOW.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
OH...
JOEY, LOOK WHO IT IS.
WHOA.
OH, GOOD, JOEY'S HOME NOW.
THIS IS SO MUCH FUN.
THIS IS LIKE A REUNION
IN THE HALL.
( laughing nasally )
OH, HI, ROSS.
THERE'S SOMEONE
I WANT YOU TO SAY HI TO.
HE JUST HAPPENED TO CALL.
HELLO, ROSS.
YES, THAT'S RIGHT.
IT'S ME.
HOW DID YOU KNOW?
I'M JUST SAYING
IF DOGS DO EXPERIENCE JET LAG
THEN BECAUSE OF THE WHOLE
"SEVEN DOG YEARS
TO ONE HUMAN YEAR" THING
THAT WHEN A DOG FLIES
FROM NEW YORK TO LOS ANGELES
HE DOESN'T JUST LOSE
THREE HOURS
HE LOSES, LIKE,
A WEEK AND A HALF.
THAT'S FUNNY.
YEAH.
WHO ARE THEY?
THE BLONDE IS MY EX-WIFE
AND THE WOMAN
TOUCHING HER IS HER
CLOSE, PERSONAL FRIEND.
YOU MEAN THEY'RE LOVERS?
IF YOU WANT TO PUT
A LABEL ON IT.
WOW...
UH, ANYTHING ELSE I SHOULD KNOW?
NOPE, NOPE, THAT'S IT.
OH, AND SHE'S PREGNANT
WITH MY BABY.
I ALWAYS FORGET
THAT PART.
HELLOOO...
Phoebe:
OKAY, SO NOW
WE NEED SAGE BRANCHES
AND THE SACRAMENTAL WINE.
ALL I HAD IS OREGANO
AND A FRESCA.
UM... THAT'S OKAY.
OOH...
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
NOW WE NEED THE SEMEN
OF A RIGHTEOUS MAN.
OKAY, PHEEBS, YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF WE HAD THAT,
WE WOULDN'T BE DOING THE RITUAL
IN THE FIRST PLACE.
CAN WE JUST START
THROWING THINGS IN?
YEAH, OKAY.
OH.
OKAY.
OKAY, BARRY'S LETTERS.
ADAM RITTER'S BOXER SHORTS.
AND I HAVE
THE RECEIPT FROM MY DINNER WITH
( clicking tongue ):
NOKULULE OON AH.
HERE'S A PICTURE
OF SCOTTY JARED NAKED.
OH, LET ME SEE.
HE'S WEARING A SWEATER.
NO.
EWW!
OKAY, HERE WE HAVE
THE LAST OF PAOLO'S GRAPPA.
WAIT, RACHEL.
ISN'T THAT ALMOST PURE--
HOW CAN I DUMP THIS WOMAN
ON VALENTINE'S DAY?
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU DUMPED HER ON NEW YEAR'S.
OH, MAN.
IN MY NEXT LIFE, I'M COMING BACK
AS A TOILET BRUSH.
HELLO, FUNNY VALENTINE.
HI, JUST JANICE.
HELLO, JOEY
OUR LITTLE MATCHMAKER.
I COULD JUST KISS YOU ALL OVER
AND I'M GONNA.
IF YOU DON'T DO IT, I WILL.
SO, UM, WHAT DO YOU DO
FOR A LIVING?
WELL, UM, FOR THE PAST...
( beeping )
OH, GOD!
YOU SAID THEY COULD
SHOOT THE SPOT WITHOUT YOU.
I THOUGHT THEY COULD.
BUT IT'S VALENTINE'S DAY.
I KNOW, BUT IT'S MY JOB.
I'LL TRY TO GET BACK
AS SOON AS I CAN.
I'M SORRY.
Carol:
YEAH, I KNOW.
...WHICH IS FUNNY
BECAUSE THAT WASN'T
EVEN MY MAJOR.
NOW THAT IS FUNNY.
HEY, DO YOU THINK...
WOULD IT BE TOO WEIRD
IF I INVITED CAROL OVER
TO JOIN US?
'CAUSE SHE'S,
SHE'S ALONE NOW,
AND PREGNANT AND SAD.
I GUESS.
ARE YOU SURE?
THANKS.
CAROL, WANT TO COME OVER
AND JOIN US?
OH, NO, I'M FINE.
COME ON. THESE PEOPLE
WILL SCOOCH DOWN.
YOU GUYS WILL SCOOCH, WON'T YOU?
LET'S TRY SCOOCHING.
COME ON.
THANK YOU.
UH, KRISTEN RIGGS,
THIS IS CAROL WILLICK.
CAROL, KRISTEN.
HOW DO YOU DO?
UM, CAROL TEACHES
SIXTH GRADE.
AND, UH, KRISTEN...
KRISTEN DOES SOMETHING
THAT, FUNNILY ENOUGH
WASN'T EVEN HER MAJOR.
WHAT DO WE GOT THERE?
PIECE OF SOMETHING:
BOXER SHORTS...
LOOKS LIKE
A HALF-CHARRED PICTURE...
WOW, THAT GUY'S HAIRIER
THAN THE CHIEF.
YOU KNOW,
IT'S A REALLY FUNNY STORY
HOW THIS HAPPENED.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO EXPLAIN.
THIS ISN'T THE FIRST
BOYFRIEND BONFIRE
WE'VE SEEN
GET OUT OF CONTROL.
YOU'RE OUR THIRD CALL TONIGHT.
REALLY?
OH, SURE. VALENTINE'S
OUR BUSIEST NIGHT
OF THE YEAR.
I BROUGHT YOU SOMETHING.
IS IT LOADED?
OH, LITTLE CANDY HEARTS.
"CHAN AND JAN FOREVER."
I HAD THEM MADE SPECIAL.
OKAY, JANICE.
JANICE...
HEY, JANICE.
LOOK, THERE'S NO WAY
FOR ME TO TELL YOU THIS.
AT LEAST, THERE'S NO
NEW WAY FOR ME
TO TELL YOU THIS.
I JUST DON'T THINK
THINGS ARE GOING TO WORK OUT.
THAT'S FINE.
IT IS?
MM-HMM.
BECAUSE I KNOW
THAT THIS ISN'T THE END.
OH, NO, YOU SEE,
ACTUALLY IT IS.
NO, IT ISN'T
BECAUSE YOU WON'T
LET THAT HAPPEN.
DON'T YOU KNOW IT YET?
YOU LOVE ME, CHANDLER BING.
OH, NO, I DON'T.
ASK YOURSELF--
WHY DO WE KEEP
ENDING UP TOGETHER?
NEW YEAR'S-- WHO INVITED WHO?
VALENTINE'S-- WHO ASKED WHO
INTO WHOSE BED?
I DID, BUT...
YOU SEEK ME OUT.
SOMETHING DEEP IN YOUR SOUL
CALLS OUT TO ME LIKE A FOGHORN.
( imitates foghorn ):
JAN-ICE, JAN-ICE.
YOU WANT ME.
YOU NEED ME.
YOU CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT ME
AND YOU KNOW IT.
YOU JUST DON'T KNOW
YOU KNOW IT.
SEE YA.
CALL ME.
Carol:
NOT TRUE. I NEVER
CALLED YOUR MOTHER A WOLVERINE.
YOU DID SO.
I SWEAR TO--
HOW LONG HAS SHE BEEN
IN THE BATHROOM?
UH, I DON'T THINK
SHE'S IN THE BATHROOM.
HER COAT IS GONE.
WELL, MAYBE IT'S COLD IN THERE.
OH...
MAYBE I SCREWED UP
THE FIRST DATE I HAD
IN NINE YEARS.
THAT COULD BE IT.
OH, GOD.
YOU KNOW, THIS IS
STILL PRETTY HOT.
MUSHROOM.
OH, SMILE.
THEY WON'T ALL BE LIKE THIS.
SOME WOMEN MIGHT EVEN STAY
THROUGH DINNER.
I'M SORRY. THAT'S NOT FUNNY.
IT'S JUST...
WELL, YOU KNOW THE WHOLE
"GETTING ON
WITH YOUR LIFE" THING?
WELL, DO I HAVE TO?
I MEAN, I'M SITTING HERE
WITH THIS CUTE WOMAN
AND, AND, AND SHE'S
PERFECTLY NICE, YOU KNOW?
AND, BUT THAT THERE'S...
THAT'S IT.
AND, UM, AND THEN I'M HERE
TALKING TO YOU
AND IT'S EASY, AND IT'S FUN
AND I DON'T HAVE TO...
I KNOW.
YOU KNOW?
HERE'S A WACKY THOUGHT--
WHAT SAY YOU AND I
GIVE IT ANOTHER SHOT?
ROSS...
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
GOING TO SAY.
YOU'RE A LESBIAN.
BUT LET'S...
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE JUST PUT THAT ASIDE FOR NOW?
LET'S JUST STICK
A PIN IN IT, OKAY?
BECAUSE WE'RE GREAT TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW, YOU CAN'T DENY IT.
AND BESIDE
YOU'RE CARRYING MY BABY.
I MEAN, HOW PERFECT IS THAT?
ROSS...
YOU KNOW,
YOU KEEP SAYING THAT
BUT THERE'S
SOMETHING RIGHT HERE.
I LOVE YOU.
OH, I LOVE YOU TOO.
BUT...
NO BUT, NO BUT.
YOU KNOW THAT THING
WE PUT OVER HERE
WITH THE PIN IN IT?
IT'S TIME TO TAKE
THE PIN OUT.
YEAH.
YOU'LL FIND SOMEONE,
I KNOW YOU WELL.
THE RIGHT WOMAN
IS WAITING FOR YOU.
THAT'S EASY FOR YOU TO SAY.
YOU FOUND ONE ALREADY.
ALL YOU NEED IS A WOMAN
WHO LIKES MEN
AND YOU'LL BE SET.
NOT HER.
WE GET OFF
AROUND MIDNIGHT.
WE'LL PICK
YOU UP THEN.
OKAY, GREAT.
SO, UM, WILL YOU
BRING THE TRUCK?
I'LL EVEN LET YOU
RING THE BELL.
BYE.
BYE. I CAN'T WAIT.
THANKS.
OH, MY GOD.
SEE, THERE YOU GO.
THE CLEANSING WORKED.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THEY'RE NICE GUYS.
THEY'RE FIREMEN GUYS.
YOU GUYS TELL THEM
YOU WERE MARRIED?
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]